.TH BRASERO 1 "January 11, 2009" "GNOME"
.SH NAME
brasero \- Simple and easy to use CD/DVD burning application for the Gnome Desktop
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B brasero
.RI [ options ]
.RI [ uri ]
.RI [ uri ]
.RI ...
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B brasero
command.
.PP
\fBBrasero\fP is a disc burning application. It is designed to be simple and easy to use.
It allows to create data CD/DVD, audio CD, to copy CD/DVD and to burn images. It has some nices features, such as a song, image and video previewer. It can also search for files (thanks to beagle) and display a playlist and its contents.
.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long options starting with two dashes (`-'). A summary of options is included below.
For a complete description, see the Info files.
.TP
.B \-p, \-\-project=PROJECT
Open the specified project.
.TP
.B \-a, \-\-audio
Open an empty audio project.
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-data
Open an empty data project.
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-copy=PATH
Copy a disc.
.TP
.B \-j, \-\-cover=PATH
Cover to use.
.TP
.B \-o, \-\-video
Open a video project adding the URIs given on the command line.
.TP
.B \-i, \-\-image=PATH
Uri of an image file or a cue file to be burnt (autodetected).
.TP
.B \-e, \-\-empty
Force brasero to display the project selection page.
.TP
.B \-b, \-\-blank
Open the blank disc dialog.
.TP
.B \-k, \-\-check
Open the check disc dialog.
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-ncb
Open a data project with the contents of burn:/// URI.
.TP
.B \-r, \-\-burn-and-remove-project=PATH
Burn the specified project and REMOVE it.
.TP
.B \-\-display=DISPLAY
X display to use.
.TP
.B \-?, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.SH AUTHOR
Brasero manual page was written by Philippe Rouquier
<philippero@libertysurf.fr> and Luis Medinas <lmedinas@gmail.com>.
